

Expectations (shorter, the tone should really come through here)
    
   10 Statement pos&neut:
        neutral: Okay then.
        friend, affin:  Good, good, that is what I expected.
        respect: Alright! Perfect.  That is just perfect.
        disgust: #art_suspicious# .. Okay ..
    
    10 Statement neg:
        neutral: This could be an issue that we will address later.
        respect: #art_sad# I'm a little shocked, but hopeful that we just have a misunderstanding.
        disgust: #art_evil# Maybe? What kind of answer is that.  You might as well just say you are unethical.

    10 Statement neg+:
        neutral: #art_sad# I'm sorry to hear that. This is a serious issue that can really hurt your chances of getting in. 
        disgust: #art_evil# Well, I'm glad you're honest. It's better you come clean now.

        
    2. duties as an employee at the company
        -like an overly patriotic person but targeting the company (maybe cult like)
           

Got the job (they never tell you this so soon but..)

    00 Statement:
        neutral: I would like to say thank you for coming in today. Our conversation was very insightful. 
        friend, affin:  It was a pleasure meeting with you today.  I have learned a great deal speaking with you.
        respect: I am glad you came in today. It is always a pleasure to meet such a strong candidate.
        disgust: So I think I've heard enough.  I have gathered a great deal on you from today's little "excursion."

    01 Statement:
        neutral: I have reviewed your qualifications, resume, and got a pretty good feel for who you are as a person.
        
    02 Statement:
        neutral: I don't normally do on the spot like this, but I am ready to give you my decision. 
        friend, respect, affin: I don't normally do this but with you the choice is clear.
        disgust: I gave it some thought, and I have made my decision.


    1. you got the job they love you at top salary
    
    03 Statement:
        neutral: I would like to offer you the intern position at top salary.  The interview went okay, and you have solid credentials. 
        friend, respect, affin: I would like to offer you the intern position at top salary.  You have the right mix  we are looking for here at #company_name#
    
    2. you got the job at a mid salary
    
    3. you got the job at a lowest possible salary

    03 Statement:
        neutral: I would like to offer you the intern position at the starting salary.  The interview was so-so, but I think you deserve a chance. 
        friend, respect, affin: I would like to offer you the intern position at starting salary.  You are a little rough around the edges, but you have the right mix of qualities
        disgust: By some miracle, you have convinced me to give you a chance at the starting salary, of course. #new_textbox# Please don't make me regret this. 
    
    
    4. you didn't get the got but how about the apprentice paper stapler
    5. you didn't get the job but they liked you
    6. you didn't get the job comback after you get some experience
    
    03 Statement:
        neutral: I'm sorry to inform you that you didn't get the job. I would like to invite you to come back when you have more experience and maturity. 
        disgust: #art_happy#  You didn't get the job, but I'm sure you saw that coming.  If you brush up on your people skills and qualifications, I might consider you.

        
    7. you didn't get the job don't come back
    8. get the hell out of my office before I call the police

    03 Statement:
        neutral: To be frank, this was a bad interview. I cannot offer you a job.  I don't think you are suited to work in solutions computing. 
        disgust: This was probably the worst interview I've ever conducted.  Please get out of my office before I call security. Also, don't contact me.
        
    
    04 Question:
        neutral: What do you say? Will you except the offer?
                
    05 response
        netural:   yes
        negative+: no
        
    06 Statement neutral:
        neutral: Good, welcome aboard then.  You will start on Monday.
        friend, respect, affin: #art_happy# Excellent!  I am excited to have you as a team member! 
        disgust: Okay.  I will be watching you closely for the first 90 days.  Don't screw it up.

    07 Statement:
        neutral: #art_sad# Well, I'm sad you feel that way.  Good day then.
        disgust: #art_angry# What!? GET THE HELL OUT OF MY OFFICE!!
        
        
